In an organization, plans
are put in place to protect
against a variety of threats,
risks, and vulnerabilities.
However, the requirements
used to protect
organizations and
people often overlap.
Because of this, organizations
use security frameworks as
a starting point to create
their own security
policies and processes.
Let's start by quickly
reviewing what frameworks are.
Security frameworks are
guidelines used for building
plans to help mitigate risks and
threats to data and privacy,
such as social engineering
attacks and ransomware.
Security involves more than
just the virtual space.
It also includes the physical,
which is why many
organizations have
plans to maintain safety
in the work environment.
For example, access
to a building
may require using a
key card or badge.
Other security
frameworks provide
guidance for how to prevent,
detect, and respond
to security breaches.
This is particularly important
when trying to protect
an organization from
social engineering attacks like
phishing that target
their employees.
Remember, people are the
biggest threat to security.
So frameworks can be used to
create plans that increase
employee awareness and
educate them about
how they can protect
the organization,
their co-workers,
and themselves.
Educating employees about
existing security challenges is
essential for minimizing the
possibility of a breach.
Providing employee
training about how to
recognize red flags, or
potential threats, is
essential, along with
having plans in place
to quickly report and
address security issues.
As an analyst, it will be
important for you
to understand and
implement the plans
your organization
has in place to keep
the organization,
its employees, and
the people it
serves safe from social
engineering attacks,
breaches, and other harmful
security incidents.
Coming up, we'll review and
discuss security
controls, which are used
alongside frameworks to achieve
an organization's
security goals.